Hai Reveal: make A11 (Elder Council meeting) more engaging and fill some plot holes (#7806)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 4 middle.txt

			choice
				`	"Sayari, what is happening?"`
				`	(Remain silent.)`
					goto question1
			`	Sayari explains. "The Elder Council has always been concerned by Teeneep's activism. They're especially fearful of her outreach to the Unfettered and humans. It seems they've finally had their fill and decided she's a threat to the peace. In this trial, Elders will decide will either ban her from public discourse, or exile her from most of Hai space. If she's lucky, they'll do neither."`
			`	"Ah, but it's broadcast live," reassures Teeneep. "Like any oligarchy, the Elders normally hide their biases and misdeeds behind a veil of secrecy. Even if they take me down, the movement I'm part of will use this broadcast to bring down the current ruling Council.`
			`	Teeneep gives you a stern warning. "Be careful what you say in this public broadcast, Captain <last>. Divulging classified information may get you in trouble here or at home. It could cause widespread panic that would negate any good we might have done. Speak with generalities, but make your point abundantly clear."`
			label question1
			# FIXME: Need a gender-neutral synonym for "errand boy" that has the same connotations.

> 			`	The Elder that was dismissive of Teeneep at her last meeting has your first question. "I understand Teeneep has tricked you into being her errand boy. You have my sympathy. During her misguidance, have you seen any evidence of validity of her conspiracy theories? Are the pirate attacks part of a coordinated effort?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The Elder that was dismissive of Teeneep at her last meeting has your first question. "I understand Teeneep has tricked you into being her personal peon. You have my sympathy. During her misguidance, have you seen any evidence of validity of her conspiracy theories? Are the pirate attacks part of a coordinated effort?"`
```
or "errand runner", or "errand kid"?  Peon might make people think differently.

Author: What about "gopher?" It has a similar meaning, and would be somewhat humorous coming from a squirrel.

Reviewer: Sure!

Author: Teeneep has now "enlisted you as her gopher."

			`	"Ah, one of the main talking points of her movement," he says, looking disappointed. "I see you've been brainwashed." At least a quarter of the Elders appear strongly offended by that. He shakes his head and walks away as another Elder approaches.`
				goto question3
			label subversive2
			`	"The words of a child, Captain <last>," he says, disappointed. "Stability is the only sensible path forward. Anything else will just make matters worse." Most Elders you can see appear to agree with him, though often not wholeheartedly. He departs and another Elder approaches.`
				goto question3
			label political2
			`	He shrugs with a look of understanding. "As do we all, I suppose. A foolish child she may be, but a politician nonetheless." He departs and another Elder approaches.`
				goto question3
			label anger2
			action
				set "Hai Reveal: angered Elder in Council"
			`	He looks annoyed and scolds you. "Take care you don't end up like Teeneep, Captain <last>." After this, he returns to his seat and another Elder approaches you to speak.`
				goto question3
			label rage
			action
				set "Hai Reveal: threatened by Elder in Council"

> 			`	The Elder stands angrily and smashes his fists upon a decorative railing, breaking it in half. "Take care you don't end up with a worse fate then Teeneep. The powers of an Elder can dispatch the unwary." He looks scared as he realizes what he just did. Most Elders are appalled, their functionaries are fearful, and the moderator scolds him in Hai. Guards escort him to a distant seat and another Elder approaches you to speak.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The Elder shoots up angrily and smashes his fists upon a decorative railing, breaking it in half. "Take care you don't end up with a worse fate then Teeneep. The powers of an Elder can dispatch the unwary!" The Elder does the Hai equivalent of paling up as he realizes what he just did. Most Elders are appalled, their functionaries are fearful, and the moderator scolds him in Hai. Guards escort him to a distant seat and another Elder approaches you to speak.`
```
I wonder if the other Elders would start shouting (at him, at you, at Teeneep, whatever), instead of just being, not even looking, appalled. That sentence could be improved too. 

I chose to make him "pale up" to give him some more action and do more showing, but have you ever seen a pale squirrel? It's only an idea, and I might change it.

Author: I rewrote the paragraph with a better description of the event.

				goto vote
			goto romantic
			`	Many Elders laugh and none are surprised. The Elder says, "Ah, our pair of master fencers, divided by Cloudfire. At least one good thing came of this: two soulmates were united. I tremble to think of their children in battle." At this, Teeneep rolls her eyes and the Elder departs.`
				goto vote
			label constructive
			`	A roomful of laughter engulfs your words, but many Elders appear offended by that mockery. The Elder who questioned you explains. "Elders and Unfettered have different views of what constitutes a 'constructive discussion.' You lack the biases of a Hai, so if you say it was constructive, I believe you." The tone of the room changes after that, as the laughter ends. Most Elders appear to agree with your assessment, and many look ashamed.`
			label vote
			`	The moderator concludes, "Teeneep's confession to her crime is taken as the statement from the defense. We will vote first on exile, and then on censure. Exile should be a quick vote. Choose yes or no."`

> 			`	After a minute of Elders voting, the moderator says, "Only one vote for exile, so the next vote is censure." Murmurs begin as the Elders discuss Teeneep's fate. It seems the censure vote is viewed as reasonable, but controversial.`

Reviewer: Could this be more descriptive, could we know how the Elders vote? Is there a lot of Yeas and Nays? Do they click buttons? Write on a ballot? Is the minute long because it's a momentous decision, or short because the fate is decided before we know it?

Author: The text now describes the voting process.

			`	He tosses the papers aside and they surrender to their fate. "Even the blind can see society's troubles and Council's impotence. If facts alone could sway this body, this," he motions to the whole room, "would not happen. Sing to us our true desires: the whispers of the Hai soul. Enchant us."`
			`	The room falls to a stunned silence when the Elders grasp Aimet's request. Even the notoriously bold Teeneep is hesitant to rally protest during the broadcast of her censure trial.`
			choice
				`	(Let Sayari encourage Teeneep.)`
					goto destiny
				`	"Give 'em hell, Teeneep."`
				`	"Be careful."`
					goto careful
			`	"I will upend Hell, Captain <last>."`
				goto certainty
			label careful
			`	"No. It's time to tempt fate."`
				goto certainty
			label destiny
			`	Sayari speaks in a reassuring tone. "You trained your whole life for this moment. Seize your destiny, Teeneep."`
			label certainty
			`	Teeneep rises with complete certainty and faces the cameras. This young Hai becomes a Siren as her song fills the chamber. A few Elders join the song, and more add their voices as the verses fly by.`

			# FIXME: INSERT SONG HERE

> 			`	Teeneep songs continue, mostly in Hai, while Sayari is transfixed by graphs and symbols floating in the room's holoprojection. A question may awaken her.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Teeneep's songs continue, mostly in Hai, while Sayari is transfixed by graphs and symbols floating in the room's holoprojection. A question may awaken her.`
```

		has "Hai Reveal [A10] Demanding Satisfaction: done"
	on offer
		event "hai and human ships at wormhole"

> 		log `You left Teeneep with an uncertain fate while you were ushered out of the Elder Council chambers by a panicked Sayari. Sayari warned of an impending snap election to which panicked Elders will close the border and risk a diplomatic incident.`

Reviewer 2: I'm gonna take a look at A11 myself later, but to raise this up first, no, the logs are _not_ written in the second person. This is written by the player character themselves.

Author: Thank you for clarifying that! The log in the first person now. How does it look?

Reviewer 2: And it should be one of the only usage of past tense in the game.

Author: Yes, I wrote it in past tense (I just checked).
